I refuse to accept other people's ideas of happiness for me. As if there's a 'one size fits all' standard for happiness.
For me, money is not my definition of success. Inspiring people is a definition of success.
I would hear stories about Steve Jobs and feel like he was at 100 percent exactly what he wanted to do, but I'm sure even a Steve Jobs has compromised. Even a Rick Owens has compromised. You know, even a Kanye West has compromised. Sometimes you don't even know when you're being compromised till after the fact, and that's what you regret.
Here's something that's contrary to popular belief: I actually don't like thinking. I think people think I like to think a lot. And I don't. I do not like to think at all.
Art is to be free. Design is to fix.
Would you believe in what you believe in if you were the only one who believed it?
All these walls that keep us from loving each other as one family or one race - racism, religion, where we grew up, whatever, class, socioeconomic - what makes us be so selfish and prideful, what keeps us from wanting to help the next man, what makes us be so focused on a personal legacy as opposed to the entire legacy of a race.
Keep your nose out the sky, keep your heart to god, and keep your face to the raising sun.
People always tell you, 'Be humble. Be humble.' When was the last time someone told you to be amazing? Be great! Be great! Be awesome! Be awesome!
We came into a broken world. And we're the cleanup crew.
I'm a human being. I've got opinions, I'm not always right, I'm not always on time, I don't always say things in the proper way, but my intentions are always extremely pure.
I don't even listen to rap. My apartment is too nice to listen to rap in.
I am Warhol. I am the No. 1 most impactful artist of our generation. I am Shakespeare in the flesh.
I love sleep; it's my favorite.
I don't think people are going to talk in the future. They're going to communicate through eye contact, body language, emojis, signs.
Our work is never over.
It's not 'can'; it's 'will.' You have to will things into fruition.
If we go on your iPhone and go to the dictionary and look up 'humble,' 80 per cent of the definition is negative. It's a controlling word. It's a way to control the masses and to control the sheep.
My message isn't perfectly defined. I have, as a human being, fallen to peer pressure.
Fashion is merely an opinion. And I've got a lot of opinions.
I think I do myself a disservice by comparing myself to Steve Jobs and Walt Disney and human beings that we've seen before. It should be more like Willy Wonka... and welcome to my chocolate factory.
If you have the opportunity to play this game of life you need to appreciate every moment. a lot of people don't appreciate the moment until it's passed.
I'm not always going to say things the perfect way, the right way. But I'm going to say how I feel.
I don't use blue. I don't like it. It bugs me out. I hate it.
I have decided in 2020 to run for president.
I will go down as the voice of this generation, of this decade, I will be the loudest voice.
Our focus needs to be less on what our legacy's going to be or how we can control each other and more how we can give to each other.
I don't know what's better gettin' laid or gettin' paid.
I can analyze people's intentions. Immediately. That's just a warning. To everyone.
Know your worth! People always act like they're doing more for you than you're doing for them.
I am not a fan of books.
I liberate minds with my music. That's more important than liberating a few people from apartheid or whatever.
We all self-conscious. I'm just the first to admit it.
But for me to have the opportunity to stand in front of a bunch of executives and present myself, I had to hustle in my own way. I can't tell you how frustrating it was that they didn't get that. No joke - I'd leave meetings crying all the time.
Every time I say something that's extremely truthful out loud, it literally breaks the Internet.
Sometimes people write novels and they just be so wordy and so self-absorbed.
This dark diction has become America's addiction.
George Bush doesn't care about black people.
Man, I'm the No. 1 living and breathing rock star. I am Axl Rose; I am Jim Morrison; I am Jimi Hendrix.
In Paris, you're as far as possible from the land of pleasant smiles.
The dinosaurs aren't remembered for much more than their bones. When humanity's gone, what do we give to this little planet that we're on, and what could we do collectively, removing the pride?
I just want people to be the best thems and live the happiest lives possible.
If I was just a fan of music, I would think that I was the number one artist in the world.
Fashion breaks my heart.
I feel like I'm too busy writing history to read it.
Nothing in life is promised except death.
Why, if someone is good in one field can they not be accepted or given the slightest opportunity to express and be creative in other fields?
I'm really bad with answering questions. Usually, I don't even answer them. I try to find inspiration inside of the question. I think, and I jump from one beam of inspiration or energy to the next, as opposed to explaining the energy.
There's a lack of people in power that are motivated by the idea of helping people.
We're a blip in the existence of the universe, and we're constantly trying to pull each other down. Not doing things to help each other.
I know how to swim through backlash. I can tread water through backlash... If anything, that's all giving me power.
I told y'all I didn't vote, right? But if I would've voted, I would've voted for Trump.
I'm a trained fine artist. I went to art school from the time I was 5 years old. I was, like, a prodigy out of Chicago. I'd been in national competitions from the age of 14.
They say you can rap about anything except for Jesus, that means guns, sex, lies, video tapes, but if I talk about God my record won't get played Huh?
If you see a black family, it's looting, but if it's a white family they are looking for food.
